- [Instructor] When using the JDBC batch item writer
we have the option to to use springs JDBC template,
which uses name parameters
to map values to the sequel statement.
Named parameters help prevent issues
that pop up with ordinal values in prepared statements.
So it's a much preferred approach.
Let's make the switch over to the name parameters,
which is a much simpler approach
to writing information through our item writers
to a data store.
We'll continue to use the same JDBC batch item writer,
however, we need to modify the sequel statement
that's being used in order to use name parameters.
So, we're going to replace these traditional question marks
used in a prepared statement with a named parameter.
And the format for that is going to be colon
and then the name of your parameter.
Now in order for this to work
we need to match the names of the fields
found within our order pojo.
So, we'll go in and swap out each of these question marks
with the corresponding field on the pojo
as a name parameter.
So, there's the first name.
Here's the last name.
And we just need to do down through the order
they're specified here within our sequel statement.
The next named parameter
is going to be the item ID.
After that we're going to specify the item name.
Then the cost and finally our ship date.
Okay, so that's in place.
And now if we navigate down
to the configuration of our item writer,
we have to make a change.
We're no longer using
the item prepared statement setter.
So, we can take out that line of our configuration.
And then if we look within our options,
we have this bean mapped method.
And that's what we're going to be using.
What that's going to do for us
is it's going to register another component.
So, when we add the bean mapped method
it causes a bean property
item sequel parameter source provider to be registered.
Now it's a very long name, but in a nutshell,
what it does, it's going to take those name parameters
and look for a corresponding field on a pojo
and when it finds it, it's going to use the value
of that field to set the parameter
within our insert statement.
So, it's a lot easier
than using those ordinal positions.
I'm going to go ahead and save our job.
And then before we go ahead and run it
let's navigate over to our database
and I'm going to truncate the output table
just so that we can see the job in action.
And then let's just select
to make sure everything came out of the table.
There we see it's empty.
And we can head back over to the terminal.
And here we'll kick off the job.
And we can try out our new item writer
that is leveraging the named parameters.
Okay, it looks like it completed.
Let's go back to our database
and see what we got.
So, we'll just right click,
we'll select the first thousand records in the data set
and we can see they wrote the same way
they did with the last item writer,
it's just using a named parameter
as well as the beaned mapped strategy,
it's much more efficient
and much less error prone.